♪ Or you can take a ride ♪
♪ You can get a tan
or stay inside ♪
♪ But the sun keeps on shining ♪
...50.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Okay.
That should not
have been so hard.
Lea:
You're getting old, Pops.
31 is not old.
It is in parent years.
They're like dog years.
Damn you!
Why won't you
let us sleep?
We shouldn't curse
in front of him.
We didn't.
And he's obviously
gonna be a rock star.
So might as well get used
to hanging out with lowlifes.
He screams like Axl Rose.
And he's definitely
a night owl.
Crying uses
the vocal-fold muscles
very differently
than singing.
And lots of jobs
work at night--
janitors, truck drivers,
polysomnographic technologists.
All I know, with those eyes
and that smile,
no way he ends up
in any job
that doesn't involve
being swarmed by supermodels.
Of whatever the hell
gender he prefers.
I think we may need
to get a swear jar.
[ Chuckles ]
Wouldn't work.
Ask my dad.
♪
Asher:
I'm sorry. I just don't get
what the big deal is.
I've never even
met your niece.
Yeah, because
you've turned down
every invite
to a family gathering.
Okay. I've just been
really busy lately.
Last time my brother
had a barbecue,
you went to a karaoke bar
with Jordan instead.
That is not true.
It was
an ax-throwing bar.
Ash, I've gone out of my way
to be sensitive
to your family history.
Mine is different.
We're all super close.
And-- And this is
a big deal.
It's her confirmation.
I'm not asking you
to go to the church service.
Just the after party.
I can't tomorrow night.
I have a ton of work
to catch up on. I gotta go.
Good morning.
I'm Dr. Shaun Murphy.
This is Dr. Kalu
and Doctor--
It smells like
a brewery in here.
Sorry. We had a party
at our fraternity last night.
Um, I was gonna shower,
but my roommates,
they insisted I go
to the E.R. immediately.
I-I can't hear
out of my left ear.
When did you lose--
Ms. Lukaitis is
one of our med students.
She is here to observe.
Med students
do not take patient histories
unless directed to.
I wasn't taking a history.
I see you got into
a fight last night?
No. It was--
It was a drinking game.
You take turns slapping
each other in the face
and whoever flinches,
they have to drink.
Sounds fun.
Yeah.
I woke up
with an insane headache.
I think
I ruptured my eardrum.
I slapped my friend the other
day to treat his hemophobia.
It seemed safe, but
I'm probably not as strong--
There's bilateral
otitis externa
and significant
cerumen blockage.
Cerumen?
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, you have an ear infection
and a lot of earwax.
Oh.
Whoa.
What happened here?
Kalu: Ooh.
Oh, it's nothing.
It's just a bruise.
Take more than
a slap to cause that.
One of the guys
in my fraternity
has one of those
foam-round shotguns
that the police use
for riot control.
Um, so we were testing it out
on each other.
- Mm.
Shaun: Flush the ears
with warm saline
and administer
polymyxin B drops.
Then get X-rays
to rule out a broken rib.
You can go with them.
I'd rather continue
to shadow you.
I already know how
to clear out earwax and--
Go with them.
Woman:
43-year-old male,
hand and arm caught
in a meat grinder.
Bay 6.
Okay. Got it?
We got it from here.
Thanks.
♪
Can you move
your fingers?
I-I'm not sure.
Get a B.P. cuff
on his other arm.
How'd it happen?
I manage
a food processing factory.
You got it upside down.
I was demonstrating
how to clean the meat grinder
when an apprentice butcher
decided to turn
the breaker back on.
[ Chuckles, groans ]
I hate new employees.
Worse than worthless.
♪
Oh, my God.
Park: Get me an ortho
powered driver with a
4 millimeter hex head.
Get the double-action rongeur
so you can use it
to pull off the grill.
♪
[ Drill motor whirring ]
Just skin and flesh.
I don't see any bone.
Oh, thank God.
[ Dom retching ]
He's just... new.
Captions by VITAC--
♪
Thanks for the walk invite.
I keep planning to exercise,
but then I wake up feeling
like a broken-down old boxer.
Ugh, I know the feeling,
and I didn't even
go through childbirth.
Babies are
damn hard work.
Yeah. Damn hard.
Thank you.
I've been wanting
to talk to you.
I'm creating a living trust to
make sure Eden's taken care of.
And I'd like to name you
and Shaun as Eden's guardians
if Park and I die.
Wow. I'm...
I'm flattered.
You and Shaun
are great together.
And given Eden's special needs,
you guys are a perfect choice.
Thank you.
That--
That means
a lot to me.
And I'll talk to Shaun
about it tonight.
♪
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I got a few minutes till the
patient's sedatives take effect.
I've tried every antiemetic
I could find.
Even started wearing
this here wristband,
but nothing works.
I was a cop for 15 years
before med school.
Saw a lot of rookies lose
their lunch at a crime scene,
but never met one
who didn't get used to it.
It'll become just
part of the routine.
I just got to get
through this rotation.
♪
Hey, if you want to sit
this one out, I'm fine.
You can hit the skills lab,
practice suturing.
Before I went to med school,
I was a D-1 tackle.
Two most important things
I learned is,
it's better
to give than to receive,
and quitters never win.
Good.
Then let's go
save a hand.
♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
What are you doing?
I mean, besides
forgetting about this
morning's board meeting.
I didn't forget about
this morning's board meeting.
So we're still doing this?
No, I didn't skip
the meeting to prank you.
I did it to be here
for the delivery--
a gift for both of us.
Ta-da!
You prefer to stay
in your office, right?
And I'm certainly not going
to leave the clinic.
So I thought, why not convert
the President's Office
into the
President's Lounge?
Sorry.
Co-Presidents' Lounge.
Oh, might as well add
a putting green
and a wine cellar
while you're at it.
I work better
with a pool table.
Great.
The board had a list of issues
they want addressed ASAP,
and since I actually
attended the meeting,
I get to divvy them up.
Your half.
♪
He's a cutie.
He's a moron.
When I'm fantasizing
about him tonight,
I'm not gonna be
picturing him
helping me study for bio-chem.
Uh, that is not something
we needed to know.
He's kind of got
a Peter Parker vibe,
which is exactly my type.
How about you guys?
What's your type?
Uh, we should
probably just focus.
I bet you like tall women.
Kalu: Uh-huh.
Uh...
[ Both laugh ]
I like sweet, handsome,
caring, and, yes, tall men.
You're gay?
Right on. [ Chuckles ]
Top or bottom?
Oh, wow.
Charlie--
you're not in your med-school
study group, okay?
That is an inappropriate
question for a co-worker.
You could be fired.
Employers have to consider
my neurodiverse
communication style.
No one should be forced
to change
who they are to be considered
more professional.
Well, I'd suggest
checking in with H.R.
They may have a different idea
of reasonable accommodations.
People at work talk about their
relationships all the time.
Asking about someone's
relationship's
a little different
than asking about
their preferred
sexual position.
The expression
doesn't refer solely
to sexual positions.
No rib fractures.
But...
what is that?
♪
Jerome:
The bleeding's stopped.
The blades are acting
like a tourniquet.
We need to get this hand out
before his fingers get necrotic.
What if we pull his arm
while manually turning
the blades in reverse?
Could grind up whatever's
stuck even more.
We have to cut
the machine open.
How? The Jaws of Life
are way too big,
and a saw could cut his arm
or overheat the metal.
Not if you irrigate
with cold saline as I work.
I'll go just deep enough
to weaken the metal,
and then we'll break it apart
with a rib spreader.
Brilliant.
Get me an ortho oscillating saw
with a metal cutting blade.
♪
It's a very irregular shape.
Could be an intramural
abscess in his esophagus.
The contrast enhancement
wouldn't be so uniform.
Yes, that is true.
What about an
esophageal cancer?
That would be unusual.
He is very young and--
A nonsmoker.
I'm confident we can excise
the mass, but we need
to do an
esophagogastroduodenoscopy
and biopsy first.
I have no idea what that is,
but it sounds awesome.
Please do it now.
Uh, Charlie?
Hmm?
Uh, it might be better
trying to be your authentic self
without repeatedly
interrupting your boss.
♪
Thank you, Dr. Kalu.
I appreciate the advice.
♪
[ Saw motor whirring ]
I think you may need
to go deeper.
I can't risk popping through
and cutting the radial.
Dom:
Park, he's bleeding again.
Should you do a vascular cut
down and temporary ligation?
No, it's been
too long already.
We need to get
this thing open.
[ Saw motor whirring ]
[ Grunting ]
Come on.
Give me a hand.
I-I can't.
Yes, you can.
Just close your eyes.
Pretend you're at the gym.
Come on.
All right.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Keep going.
It's working.
Pull, pull, pull!
It's loose!
♪
Lap sponges!
Severe contamination
of hand and forearm,
arteries are trashed.
Major vascular gaps,
radius and ulna are crushed.
Get the O.R. prepped.
We're gonna have to amputate it.
♪
Advancing down
the esophageal lumen.
Do you have
a boyfriend?
Yes.
Approaching the
gastroesophageal junction.
Is he tall?
Can we talk
about this later?
Or not at all.
Doesn't make sense.
Dr. Kalu thinks
I'm being too intrusive,
but I'm actually trying
to establish a rapport.
I wasn't talking
about him or you.
I meant the mass.
♪
It's gone.
Shaun:
This doesn't make sense.
That's exactly
what Dr. Wolke said.
The esophageal mass
was definitely on the X-ray.
And on the neck CT.
But nowhere
on the endoscopy.
Maybe we should repeat
all the tests?
No.
We could--
I can't concentrate
if you keep interrupting me.
I didn't interrupt you.
I asked you a question.
You said no,
so I attempted
to make a suggestion,
then you interrupted me.
Could you please
just be quiet?
Okay.
[ Sighs ] Okay.
[ Pagers beeping ]
♪
He's disoriented
and slurring his speech.
Phipps, do you know
where you are right now?
Um, I go
to San José State University.
He is disoriented
but no longer slurring.
It was worse before.
Okay.
Squeeze my fingers.
Right-side weakness.
We should prep
a bolus dose of TPA.
No, we should not
do that.
Can you wiggle your toes?
But if he's
having a stroke--
His speech is improving,
which makes a transient
ischemic attack more likely.
And you ordered a nurse
to prep an unindicated
and very risky medication.
I didn't order her.
I was just making a suggestion.
Get out.
What?
You refuse to acknowledge
you've made a mistake,
which wastes my time
and endangers our patient.
Please leave
the patient's room now.
♪
We need a head CT-CTA
to confirm it's a TIA
and not a brain bleed
or tumor.
Checking pupils.
♪
Ligation and sectioning
of the viable arteries,
veins, and nerves complete.
Charriere.
I'll make the bone cuts
as distal as possible
on the forearm.
Dr. Park.
[ Retches ]
I gotta leave.
Maybe he should
sit this one out.
Bit of a worst-case
scenario for him.
I gave him the opportunity.
He turned me down.
♪
Have you gotten Morgan's
fecal-sample fridge installed?
I thought the idea
was to divide and conquer.
You do your half of the
honey-do list, and I do mine.
Yes, but just FYI, Morgan
needs the fridge installed
before she starts screening
for the IBS trial.
Yes, I'm aware.
Then I assume
you're also aware
that it needs
a new electric panel,
and that Gail has put a freeze
on all facility upgrades.
Not my first rodeo.
Okay. And the other stuff
on the list?
I plan to ignore.
You should do the same.
You're advising
I ignore the board?
Yes. Much of their complaints
are trivial in nature.
They'll either work themselves
out or disappear completely,
which is good for us, because
then we can do our actual jobs.
The current board
isn't as passive
as the one you're used
to dealing with.
The current board
has some newbies, yes,
and they're very anxious
to engage
and nitpick over
every little silly thing.
But you know what?
They'll learn.
They always do.
I have an actual patient
waiting.
♪
Are we going in
for a head CT?
Doctors Wolke
and Kalu are.
You shouldn't have raised
your voice to me like you did.
I spoke with an urgency
that was appropriate
to the situation.
It may be appropriate
to some,
but as a person on the spectrum,
I don't do well
when shouted at.
I did not shout.
I'm letting you know
the parameters
for communicating
with me effectively.
I'd appreciate
your cooperation.
I'll go join
Doctors Wolke and Kalu.
No. You will go
to the skills lab
and study stroke protocols
and procedures
for handling a TIA.
I didn't
do anything wrong.
♪
[ Monitors beeping ]
We didn't have to debride
as much as I thought.
And there's more than enough
palmar and dorsal flaps
to close the stump.
Checking my work?
No.
Just rubbernecking.
It's not every day
you get to see
a meat-grinder
partial radial amputation.
Thankfully.
But if I was checking,
now that I have
a better view
of the injured area,
the distal forearm vessels
and nerves are actually
better than I expected.
If you could
bridge those gaps,
I'm wondering if you might
be able to reattach it.
Ischemic time
is less than eight hours,
and that's best case,
which this isn't.
Mm, not if there's
a blood supply.
You could graft it to
his ankle, keep it perfused
while you prep the forearm
stump for replantation.
You could
really do that?
We've built new ears
on forearms.
Wrist anatomy
is a lot more complex.
And if we spread
an infection to his leg,
he could end up losing two limbs
instead of just one.
We could reduce the risk
by planting antibiotic beads
in the wounds.
Yeah, but not eliminate it.
Your call.
Prep and drape
his left ankle.
Want a second set
of hands?
Absolutely.
But don't you
have a hospital to run?
That's what
co-presidents are for.
CT-CTA doesn't show any
blockages or atherosclerosis.
[ Inhales sharply ]
I'm starting to think this might
not be a stroke or a TIA.
The neuro symptoms
didn't start until after
the esophageal mass
disappeared.
Uh, not true.
No, he came to the E.R.
with neurological symptoms,
a headache,
and hearing loss.
Which isn't surprising,
given he let his idiot friends
slap him upside the head.
Mm.
Speaking of idiots,
you should go
to the confirmation party.
Jerome mentioned it.
It's one party.
You might actually have fun.
[ Sighs ]
Look, you love Jerome, right?
Right.
So what makes you think
you wouldn't like
his brothers?
[ Sighs ]
They play hockey.
[ Chuckles ]
Didn't Jerome
play hockey?
Yes, as a kid,
and not in something
called the Beer League.
This isn't about hockey
or beer, is it?
You're just afraid.
I am not afraid.
I'm actually--
I'm very busy.
Oh, you're scared
they won't like you.
Or that it's the next big step
towards something
you're still
not sure you want.
Thank you, Esther Perel,
but I know exactly what I want.
Okay.
And I have it.
Well, maybe
you should consider
making some sacrifices
to hold on to it.
♪
Had a nice walk
with Morgan today.
She's preparing a living trust
and would like us
to be Eden's guardians
if she and Park die.
Okay.
"Okay" you're fine
with that plan,
or "okay,"
you didn't hear a word I said
because you're still
obsessing about Charlie?
I'm fine
with Morgan's plan.
I was thinking about Charlie,
not obsessing.
I can't work with her
constantly interrupting me.
She's a student, Shaun.
She's excited.
She's enthusiastic.
Why does it matter
if she is enthusiastic?
She makes
a lot of mistakes.
Well, now's the time
to make mistakes.
She's a med student.
Charlie refuses to admit
she's made them,
which means
she cannot learn from them.
Are you sure about that?
Maybe she's embarrassed.
Maybe you're being
a little bit too rigid.
You know, give her a chance
to work things out.
I have not been rigid.
You're being rigid
right now.
Why don't you try being
a little more patient?
Right?
[ Steve fusses ]
I will...
try to be more patient.
Great.
Let's eat.
♪
Ulnar to posterior tibial
artery anastomosis complete.
Sutured the main dorsal
to the saphenous vein
and created
a fasciocutaneous flap
to provide
temporary coverage.
Great.
Then I think we're ready.
Releasing the clamps.
♪
Awesome.
Totally awesome.
I understand you have
a bit of a medical mystery
on your hands.
Yes, it is
very interesting.
How's your
new med student?
She talks too much,
refuses to acknowledge mistakes,
and doesn't like
to read textbooks.
That does sound
like a challenge.
Dr. Glassman said
I should just be patient
and give her time
to adjust.
Wrong.
Glassman's favorite way
to deal with a problem
is to avoid it and then hope
someone else solves it.
You need to tell her precisely
what you want her to do.
I have done that.
Well, do it again.
She's young and faces
communication challenges
that you need
to be sensitive to.
All her recommendations say
she's smart but stubborn,
which, if managed properly,
could be a great combination.
You of all people
should know that.
Uh, why
should I know that?
Because you also arrived here
smart but stubborn.
You've become a great surgeon,
and she will be, too.
But for now, she's like a puppy
that needs to be trained
before all the bad habits
take hold.
So don't be patient,
be proactive.
♪
Hmm.
Park: There's no cyanosis,
severe edema, or venous stasis.
Looks great.
It looks gross.
Don't worry.
As soon as we clean up
all the damage to your arm,
it'll go back
to where it belongs.
Good, because I'm
gonna need both hands
to wring that butcher's neck.
Dr. Park?
♪
What's wrong?
There's some cellulitis
at the forearm.
But don't worry--
you're on antibiotics,
and we'll watch it closely
until your next surgery.
♪
Sorry.
I'm running late.
It's like packing for
the Lewis and Clark expedition
every time
I leave the house now.
No worries.
I got you an Americano.
Thanks.
Shaun agreed.
We're good to go.
One thing-- I named you
and Shaun as guardians
if both Park and I die,
but also if just I die.
Why wouldn't Park
be her guardian?
Don't tell me you guys
are on the rocks again.
No, things are great.
Actually, better than great.
They're fantastic.
So what's the problem?
The last thing I want
is for Eden to end up
with an ex-boyfriend
if I die.
We've only been back together
a couple months,
so I'll revisit
the plan in a year.
Okay.
I'll let Shaun know tonight.
No, Shaun
can't keep a secret.
I haven't told Park,
and I'm not going to.
Are you insane?
You can't lie to Park,
and I can't lie to Shaun.
It's not a lie.
It's a secret.
And every marriage
has them.
Uh, sure.
Like how much I spend
on hair color
and how often I use
his toothbrush,
but this is too big.
No, it's a tiny,
temporary detail
that's meaningless unless I die
in the next 12 months,
which isn't gonna happen.
Please,
just take a few days,
think about it.
That's all I'm asking.
♪
I'm not gonna change
my mind, but okay.
♪
Head CT looks normal,
but the abdominal images
showed acalculous
cholecystitis.
Hmm.
That wouldn't explain
his neurological symptoms.
But it does explain
the fever
and the abdominal pain
he has now.
We got another
abdominal CT.
Gallbladder's dilated
with extreme wall thickening.
Looks like
it's about to rupture.
Doesn't make sense.
His most severe symptoms
have been neurological,
and neither the bruise
on his chest nor the mass
in the esophagus
was near the gallbladder.
Whatever the cause,
his gallbladder
needs to be removed.
Get him prepped.
[ Door opens ]
Charlie?
We need to have a talk.
Please have a seat.
I'd rather stand.
When I'm nervous,
sitting makes me feel
uncomfortably constrained.
Okay.
You are still a student,
so it is normal for you
to be making mistakes.
I haven't
made any mistakes.
You ordered a nurse
to prep an incorrect
and potentially
dangerous medication.
I didn't order her.
I made a suggestion.
And you talk too much,
often about things
you shouldn't
and other times
when you shouldn't be talking--
I learn more
by discussing things
rather than reading a textbook
or attending a lecture.
I do not lecture,
and I can't do my job
if you are
always interrupting--
At times,
my speech pattern can be--
You just did it again.
So did you.
Compulsive speech
is a characteristic
of our neurodiversity.
Please s-stop talking.
I am being proactive.
I have precisely explained
my expectations.
You can't order me to do
something I'm incapable of.
I have a disability,
and the law--
I am trying to help you.
Okay?
♪
I...understand
that ASD is considered
a disability.
But I also know that you are
capable of being silent.
If you want to remain
on this case,
that is what
I expect you to do.
You are to observe
and nothing else.
Do you understand?
Yes.
♪
Good.
Now you can go join
Dr. Wolke
and Dr. Kalu
in the O.R.
♪
We've got
adequate debridement
of the distal
forearm stump.
This is gonna work.
Good call.
Hubank, any thoughts
on what suture to use
for our
arterial anastomosis?
I'm not sure.
Take your time.
Look closely at the angle
we cut the vessels at.
I guess you could
suture the ends
with a 4-0 Prolene
using an end-to-side
formation.
Nice idea.
End-to-end anastomosis
with parachute technique
would work even better.
♪
I'm Dr. Reznick.
I assume you know that Park
and I are in a relationship.
Actually, no.
I didn't--
Don't lie.
I know how fast the gossip
gets out around here.
[ Chuckles ]
How's Park
as a professor?
He's awesome.
Intuitive and supportive
without being
patronizing.
Stop.
The whole gentle-giant thing
is lost on me.
What I respect is totally
brutal, blunt honesty.
Think of me like
Bill Belichick
but meaner
and with better hair.
♪
You're right.
I lied.
I was actually told by a bunch
of people on my first day
about the relationship
that you and Park had.
I was also told
how you broke up
then moved back in
with one another
before breaking up again,
then got back together
recently
because Park
wanted to help you
take care of the baby
that you wanted to adopt
but were too overwhelmed
to do it yourself
while also running
the clinical trials.
But I wasn't lying about Park
being an awesome professor.
He's been pretty patient
and supportive,
despite the fact that
I don't want to be a surgeon,
and I faint or hurl at the sight
of any amount of blood.
But he's a great guy.
And I'm sure he'll be
a great dad or stepdad
or whatever the label is
that you need him to be for you.
♪
Is that blunt enough?
Yes. Thank you.
But careful.
Nobody likes a smart-ass.
[ Chuckles ]
Freeing up the last
attachments to the liver.
Asher:
Using ultrasonic coagulator
for hemostasis
on the cystic plate.
What about an atypical
presentation of lupus?
ANA and ESR
are all normal.
That's why
I said atypical.
I mean,
what else could cause symptoms
in the esophagus,
brain, and gallbladder?
Dr. Kalu, please irrigate
and lead the wound closure.
0 Vicryl sutures
on a long needle driver.
Can I feel it?
Sorry. I know I'm not
supposed to be talking,
but I've never felt
a live organ before.
It needs
to go to pathology.
And please don't distract
Dr. Kalu.
Oh, she's not distracting me.
It's just gonna sit
in the pathology fridge
for a few hours anyway.
Do it quietly.
Thank you, Dr. Murphy!
Sponge here
so I can see better.
Need another
0 Vicryl suture.
And I'll take
the Metzenbaum scissors.
That's enough.
Put it back now.
Wait.
Just give me a-- Ow!
I think a needle
got left in the organ.
That's not possible.
We never suture
inside the gallbladder.
I know I felt--
felt it.
Ow! Okay. There is
something sharp in here.
Uh, maybe it's an edge
of a gallstone?
♪
I'm coming.
Okay.
♪
There is
something protruding.
Small forceps.
♪
Charlie:
Is it a hair?
No.
It's a metal wire.
♪
Inside the gallbladder?
How is that even possible?
It was definitely not part
of a surgical tool.
Well, I read a case
a few years ago.
A patient got a metal wire
from a barbecue grill brush
lodged in his intestines.
When we were doing
surgical prep,
Phipps said the last thing
he'd eaten
was a cheeseburger
at his frat's barbecue.
The disappearing mass
in his esophagus
could've been caused
by that wire lodged there
before it traversed
the stomach wall
and ended up
in the gallbladder.
That would be
amazing.
It wouldn't explain
his neurological issues.
Well, that could still
be from the slaps.
But either way, we never
would've noticed it
without Charlie's
curiosity, so...
Yeah.
Nice catch.
It was more of an accident
than a catch, but thank you.
♪
We need the strongest
magnet we have. Stat!
♪
What are you doing?
I'm teaching Steve
how to run the table
while, simultaneously,
Barry and I
are trying to figure out
how to lower
the overhead cost
of the clinic.
Try those.
[ Clears throat ]
"The poop fridge
equals presidential priority"?
You see, Steve?
I told you,
alliteration comes off
as pompous.
He prefers "poop"
to "fecal samples."
I'm so glad
you're enjoying yourself.
Meanwhile, Gail is coming down
on me for things I didn't do.
Hey, it's my signature
on the thing.
If Gail doesn't like it,
she can come to me.
She knows you don't
listen to her.
So, now, every time she has
a problem, she comes to me.
Well, I can think of
one way to solve that problem.
Aaron, I don't have time
for these games.
You don't have time
because you're constantly
trying to placate
the damn board.
All they want is to feel
recognized and respected.
All they want,
they don't know it,
but what they really want is
a well-run, top-flight hospital.
Well, all Gail
really wants now
is a full audit of all expenses
for the past year.
Well, that's a colossal
waste of time.
Well, I agree.
And after
a 30-minute discussion,
I got Gail to agree,
as well.
This division of labor
isn't working,
so from now on,
you can deal with Gail.
Fine.
Send her on over.
Just tell her to bring cash.
We don't take markers here.
He's an ass.
Not an ass.
What are you gonna
do with that?
It may be
slightly painful,
but it's much safer
than another surgery.
Open wide
and say, "Ahh."
Ahh.
[ Gagging ]
[ Coughs, groans ]
[ Moans ]
That was in my tonsil?
Yes, it caused an infection
and fluid build-up in your ear
and irritated
your carotid artery,
which caused
the neurological symptoms.
You shouldn't ever clean
a cooking surface
with a wire brush,
or let someone slap you,
or shoot you with
a foam shotgun slug.
That is so cool.
Yes. It is.
♪
I can't wait
to get back to work.
I wouldn't rush it.
It's gonna take time
and plenty of physical therapy
to get your function back.
I don't mean
so I can work.
I mean so I can
fire that damn butcher.
♪
The new CTs
are all clear.
No more wires
floating around.
Kalu: And you might want
to take it easy
with the frat parties
for a while.
I'm actually not
that big a partier.
I grew up an only child,
so I always wanted brothers,
and now I have
like 50 of them.
[ Chuckles ]
They've helped me through
all sorts of stuff.
A lot of the crazier stuff
they do isn't my thing.
Um...
But I feel like
I owe it to them to participate.
To be there for them
like they were for me.
That's very generous
of you.
♪
You're doing great.
No, I'm not.
Can't even
watch a surgery
from another room
without dry-heaving.
That patient would've
bled out in the E.R.
if you hadn't helped
break open the grinder.
Yeah.
I make a great crowbar.
Surgery is always
a team effort.
I'm happy to have you
on my team.
Dr. Park...
♪
[ Knocks ]
Dr. Murphy,
can I talk to you?
I am trying to get home
to put Steve down.
This won't take long.
I just wanted to tell you
how impressed I was with you,
how you were able to move
that wire fragment
from the tonsil
without surgery.
It was very ingenious.
And I also wanted to thank you
for letting me
observe you in surgery.
I learned a whole lot.
Oh.
That's good.
And you're welcome.
When I found the first wire
in the gallbladder,
it saved both the patient
and us a lot of time.
That is true.
That's a big contribution
from a medical student,
don't you think?
I believe your
intense curiosity
and attention
to organization
will one day make you
an excellent pathologist.
I don't want to be
a pathologist.
I understand, but...
given your aversion
to textbooks,
your extreme impatience--
I'm not impatient.
I'm an assertive,
dedicated, hard worker.
And your refusal
to acknowledge
and learn
from your mistakes...
I just want to be
a surgeon.
Like you.
Oh.
You're nothing like me.
♪
And I don't think
you should ever be a surgeon.
♪
Hey, about to head out
to Elizabeth's party.
I just wanted
to say goodbye.
Should be home by 11:00.
Wait!
I'm coming with you.
♪
Sure this elevator's
big enough for the both of us?
I'm not sure
the hospital is.
Well, that's fine.
I'll resign my share
of the co-presidency.
Not if I beat you to it.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Hey, Charlie.
♪
Are you getting out
or just taking a ride?
Charlie,
are you okay?
No.
♪
Charlie should
not be upset.
I told her she would make
an excellent pathologist.
Well, you've only worked
with her for two weeks.
And isn't she hoping
to be a surgeon?
You said that
I should be proactive.
Glassman:
Proactive?
That's not proactive.
That's hurtful.
Maybe it's not
what you meant, but--
I was
telling the truth.
I tried to be patient,
like you said,
but that also
did not work.
We gave you some
conflicting advice,
which clearly
didn't help matters.
So maybe now, together,
we can find a better strategy.
Charlie has a unique
learning style--
Why do I need a strategy?
I am a good surgeon
and a good teacher.
Good teachers adjust
to their students, Shaun.
Maybe there's something
you could do.
you should do.
I have already
made adjustments.
Okay.
Make some more.
Why?
Because it's the--
'Cause she needs--
Because she needs them,
like you did.
No one ever made things
easier for me.
Or went out of their way
to make accommodations for me.
Shaun.
I'm sure
you believe that,
but that is simply
not true.
Dr. Melendez put me
on scut work
and threatened to fire me.
Dr. Han transferred me to
pathology, but I never gave up,
and I learned how
to accept criticism
and improve
my communication skills
in order
to become a good surgeon.
Han and Melendez,
and I'm sure many other people,
were wrong about you.
But that doesn't mean
you should treat Charlie--
I am not wrong
about Charlie.
She should not
be a surgeon.
You know what, Shaun?
You sound like Han now.
You're being unfair.
No.
I am an attending.
It is my decision
how to manage the medical
students on my cases.
I am going home now.
♪
That went well.
Yeah.
[ Clears throat ]
Straight pool or 8 ball?
You can break.
Okay.
♪ Woke up this morning ♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
This is
gonna be hilarious.
And from my favorite uncle,
Jerome,
and his adorable boyfriend,
Asher...
Is this what
I think it is?
It is!
I love it!
Thank you,
thank you, thank you!
I'm so glad you like it.
Jason:
[ Laughs ]
You bastard.
She's not wearing that
in this house.
Yes, I am.
[ Laughing ]
Go, Kings, baby!
Yes!
Whoo!
You like them.
We got it.
Boom, boom,
boom boom boom!
That was good!
Yeah!
♪ For brighter days ♪
♪
♪ See it through,
see it through ♪
♪ Gonna find a way ♪
♪
I told the attorney
that if I die,
I want you
to be Eden's guardian.
I know.
You already told me that.
I was lying.
But this time,
I'm not.
♪
♪ I've been looking ♪
♪ For a sign ♪
♪ Guide me out of the dark ♪
♪ And realign ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ Keep holdin' on, holdin' on ♪
♪ For brighter days ♪
♪
♪ See it through,
see it through ♪
♪ Gonna find a way ♪
♪ Keep holdin' on,
holdin' on ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Keep holdin' on,
holdin' on ♪
♪ For brighter days ♪
♪ Keep holdin' on,
holdin' on ♪
♪ For brighter days ♪
♪ Keep holdin' on,
holdin' on ♪
♪ For brighter days ♪
♪